README.md, before:

# NGHMP - Next Generation High Mobility Platformer

## Advanced Features

### momentum-based movement system

- player get accelerated when move butten pressed
- player can slide and jump on the wall
- player can dash in 8 directions

### multiple entities

- enemy
- goal

### different types of tiles

- ladder
- spike

### multiple screens

- start screen
- fail screen
- level choosing screen

### player data

- player hp

### textures

- texture for tiles, player and enemy
- background textures

### others

- fixed framerate
- fps label

## Demo video

## Git usage

## Refactoring

## Javadocs

## Class diagram

## Appendix

The following open-source assets were used in this project:

- **Graveyard Tileset [16x16] - Fantasy Pack** by Eduardo Scarpato
  - Author: [Eduardo Scarpato](https://eduardscarpato.itch.io/)
  - Source: [https://eduardscarpato.itch.io/graveyard-tileset-16x16-fantasy-pack](https://eduardscarpato.itch.io/graveyard-tileset-16x16-fantasy-pack)
  - License: This asset pack can be used in free and commercial projects. You cannot distribute or sell those assets directly (even modified).

Commit message:

used Assets to load resources

README.md, after:

# NGHMP - Next Generation High Mobility Platformer

## Advanced Features

### momentum-based movement system

- player get accelerated when move butten pressed
- the accelerated speed reduced when closer to the goal speed, forms a second derivative velocity curve
- player can slide and jump on the wall
- player can dash in 8 directions

### multiple entities
All objects is based on the `Entity` abstract class:
- enemy
- player
- decoration
- coin(shogi)

### different types of tiles

- ladder
- spike
- goal

### multiple screens

- start screen
- fail screen
- level choosing screen
- palse screen

### sound effects

- background music
- 

### textures

- texture for tiles, player and enemy
- textures can swap between states
- textures can have animation
- background got moveable textures

### others

- fixed framerate
- DEBUG mode allows monitoring multiple status

## Demo video

## Git usage

## Refactoring

## Javadocs

## Class diagram

## Appendix

The following open-source assets were used in this project:

- **Dagon's Fantasy All-In-One [16x16]** by Eduardo Scarpato
  - Author: [Eduardo Scarpato](https://eduardscarpato.itch.io/)
  - Source: [https://eduardscarpato.itch.io/dagon](https://eduardscarpato.itch.io/dagon)
  - License: This asset pack can be used in free and commercial projects. You cannot distribute or sell those assets directly (even modified).


- **Samurai 2D Pixel Art** by Mattz Art  
  - Author: [Mattz Art](https://xzany.itch.io/)  
  - Source: [https://xzany.itch.io/samurai-2d-pixel-art](https://xzany.itch.io/samurai-2d-pixel-art)  
  - License: You can use this asset in any game project, personal or commercial. You cannot resell or redistribute it as a standalone game asset; it must be part of a larger project. Credit is not required but appreciated. You may modify the asset to suit your needs. You are not allowed to turn any of the assets into NFTs.
